Clinique presents janet talks a
documentary series featuring head of
product development janet Pardo the
essentials for spring when you're moving
from winter moving into spring you
really want to do a quick check of what
you have in your makeup table or in your
bathroom you want to make sure that you
have product textures and formulations
for spring that are appropriate for the
season and appropriate for your skin
type because your skin changes from
season to season and you need to do a
quick check we love the fact that spring
is all about light and easy so we have
our chubby sticks here and here
chubby sticks for lips is all about the
perfect combination of a lipstick and a
lip balm and one it's got all these
wonderful butters in it and they're
really going to be super moisturizing to
lips and really hydrate lips but at the
same time you get this wonderful stain
of color and you know they're in these
fun light-hearted names like chunky
cherry and wop and watermelon and fuller
fig and grape top and you know all of
these shades that they're named to bring
a smile to your face it's perfect for
spring it's perfect for anybody any all
ages but in I shadow as well we have lid
smoothie antioxidant lid collar and
what's wonderful about this is that it's
very long wearing so it's great for
spring it's water-resistant and it's got
this great metal tip it feels good as
you're putting it on your lie through
them we have a lot of wonderful
ingredients in this formula we were very
much inspired by smoothies right we were
getting our smoothies one morning and
getting all these wonderful antioxidant
superfoods blended into a drink and we
said well why why don't you want this in
your makeup speaking of eye shadow you
can't talk about eye shadow without
talking about mascara bottom lash
mascara very simple is this little tiny
little brush that's specifically
engineered and designed to get to those
tiny little lashes in the corner and the
little tiny lashes on top you use that
on top as well right it Cara right
I don't have a big lashes and I have to
discover my own lashes and this can find
extra lashes that I have never found
absolutely yes you have small tiny
little lashes on top you can use it as
well but what's great about it it's such
a pain point for women smudging right
it's a thermal sensitive mascara so oil
if you have oil underneath your eyes
it's not going to react with this
mascara and you're basically your spring
essentials are done I feel like I did
all the talking do I always do do I
Janet talks for a reason